The child is ugly
Like a little old man
Newborn children are like this
Xiner
You suffered.
It's okay.
Actually, I'm more worried about his scales or tail
What does it look like?
That's my daughter, too.
apricot
Do you think he would like the name Long Talk?
As long as we give him enough love
A warm enough home
I'm sure he'll like it.
This is the name we gave him together
The emperor has a decree
Princess Xuan brings the little princess into the palace
What white flag?
Let him enter the palace as soon as he gives birth
Or the old man just wants to meet the little princess
Don't let him lose hope
I'll accompany you. Hmm.
Your Majesty, this is the birth of me and the prince
Name long story
Hey
Nice name.
What's the meaning?
The father symbolizes us for a long time
I hope he can be like his mother
Eyebrows like flowers
For a long time
Picturesque eyebrows
Nice name.
Ah night
Ah blood